=About Love=
=Episode 21=
Son!
Mom?
Dad?
What are you doing here?
I...
You're early. What day is it today?
Give that to me.
Your dad... He...
He can't stand being cooped up at home.
And I'm bored out of my mind.
So we came early.
We'll head back after the check-up.
Why didn't you let me down?
I've been swamped with drafts lately.
It's fine.
We've been here before.
We can take care of ourselves.
Well...
Do we need to
reschedule the check-up?
It's all done.
We're not some old fools.
After you showed me last time,
I've got the hang of it.
Pretty smart, huh?
Okay, okay.
You guys are sharper than me.
What?
What did you say?
Smart.
He said you're smart.
Son,
why don't you ask Yu He out tonight?
Let's have dinner together.
I just praised you for being sharp.
It's been ages. We broke up long ago.
- Broke up?
- What did he say?
Broke up.
What?
He broke up with Yu He.
They split up.
Son,
when did this happen?
I told you before.
When did you tell me?
See?
You're exploiting my bad hearing.
Was it because of that fight last time?
I even called her
about it.
She said it was fine.
So why did you break up?
Wait.
Let me ask you.
Why did you break up with her?
It's over. That's all.
Just drop it.
What makes you think you can do that?
Look at that girl.
She's a decent person,
working as a clerk at a public office.
That's a stable job.
She's well-educated.
She has a good job.
And she's quite pretty.
Look at you, bumming around all day,
idling your life away.
Can't you get a proper job?
If you could marry that girl,
you'd be punching way above your weight.
How am I bumming around
all day to you?
I draw comics every day.
That is my job.
What kind of job is that?
I've got to say this even if you hate it.
Your mom and I don't
even know how to explain to relatives
what you do for a living.
You just draw all this
messy stuff all day.
That's comics?
Comics are your job?
What's wrong with you?
You finally had a proper relationship.
You should seize the chance and settle down.
That way, your mom and I
can finally stop stressing over you.
I've got a feeling that if I get married,
you'll only find more things to worry about.
Why does one have to get married?
What did you say?
Speak louder.
Why don't you want get married?
Why do I have to?
To fight all the time?
You have been married for years.
And you've always been fighting.
Is that fun?
Watch your tone!
I think marriage has no meaning.
Listen to your son.
If you don't get married,
you'll just fool around alone.
Look at this pigsty.
Is this any way for a person to live?
- Alright.
- That's enough.
Calm down, calm down.
I think I'm doing great right now.
I eat, drink, and enjoy myself whenever I want.
When I feel like working,
I draw some comics.
When I'm tired, I go have some fun.
I'm pretty free.
What are you saying?
We want you to settle down for your own sake.
Do you understand?
Hold on.
Take that thing off.
I'm warning you.
If you don't seriously get a girlfriend,
don't come home for the New Year.
We can't handle that shame.
Fine, I won't go home.
It'll be quieter that way.
Fine.
Why pick a fight with your dad?
Your dad... He...
Can't you just let him have it?
Stop being so childish.
He started it.
I'm not as patient as you.
Let's go.
I...
The old one and the young one
can really wear me out.
Was that woman
really Sen's girlfriend?
Yeah.
Sen even recommended me that shop
for our wedding photos.
He said the owner was his girlfriend.
Good thing I didn't go.
A homewrecker shooting wedding photos?
That's a total jinx.
Still,
no wonder Sen was so quiet this morning.
I feel sorry for him.
Anyone would feel humiliated.
Do you think Sen will break up with her?
Who knows how long
she's been the other woman.
I'm afraid Sen's
been cheated all along.
He'll definitely break up with her.
Let's go.
Seriously, who could put up with that?
But if it was just for fun, no harm done.
Keep it down.
Hello. Welcome.
No need for that.
I want a refund.
May I ask why?
We can't process refunds without a reason.
No reason. I just don't want the shoot.
Miss, you placed the order...
Wan.
Are you sure you want to cancel
and get a refund?
Yyu,
check if the makeup looks are set.
No,
they just booked and paid the deposit.
Alright.
Give them a full refund.
Yes.
We'll process it now.
It should reach you soon.
Stop staring! Never seen a woman?
I'm not.
Shame on you.
Hey, don't be mad.
- Wan, see them out.
- Alright, alright.
Yyu, go confirm the rest
of the appointments.
How come you're off work so early today?
(Qian Chang Photography Studio)
I've got a clear afternoon.
So I left early.
It's fine. Don't worry about me.
Maybe we should
close the shop for a while.
- After this...
- No way.
If we close now, we might never reopen.
Besides, we still owe Bei money.
I'll figure something out.
I don't want you hearing
those nasty rumors anymore.
It's okay.
I can handle it.
Or do you think
I'm an embarrassment to you?
No.
That's not it at all.
Just forget what I said.
But if anyone causes trouble again,
tell me immediately.
I will.
I need to go back to work.
You should leave. Okay?
See you at home tonight.
Do you still trust him?
Rationally speaking,
if they got back together,
his ex wouldn't show up and make a scene,
would she?
I want to know how you feel emotionally.
Emotionally speaking,
I can't stop doubting him.
Why don't you trust me?
What do I have to do to make you believe me?
It's my own issue.
I think I'm being ridiculous.
You didn't text me back
while I was watching the play.
My mind ran wild:
"What are you doing? Who are you with?"
When I came over just now,
I was ready to catch you cheating.
I felt like I was acting like
a self-righteous clown.
You should be like this.
You care because you like me.
And because I like you,
I don't think you're a clown at all.
I actually think it's cute.
But I don't like it.
I don't like how I am right now.
That's just how relationships are.
You become sensitive.
You start overthinking.
In a relationship,
that's completely normal.
Maybe my ex-husband hurt me too deeply.
It's my own issue.
I don't know what will happen,
but I don't want to
go back to who I used to be.
Right now, I want to be single.
Why are you putting your distrust
of others all on me?
It wasn't until I met you
that I realized you're the one.
You're the only right person for me.
That jerk made you believe
you can't fall in love anymore, but...
What does that have to do with me loving you?
Yingtao,
is it wrong for me to love you?
Please don't leave me.
Okay?
And then what?
Are you breaking up with him?
Don't be impulsive.
I haven't decided yet.
But you see,
I want to treat every relationship
like it's my first love.
But what happened in the past…
can't be ignored.
I didn't see that coming.
Enough about me.
Are you meeting Lin Chen today?
Just a reminder.
You've decided to marry Bei.
Don't take his trust for granted.
If he finds out one day, even if
nothing happened between you two,
how do you think he'd take it?
I know.
Today's the last time we'll meet.
After this, I won't hide
a single thing from Bei.
It's fine. Even if you do hide something,
I'll still be on your side.
What if he hides something from me?
He wouldn't dare.
I hope Mu can let go of
pushing Lin Chen away
and cherish the time they have left.
Why do I feel like you've changed
towards Lin Chen?
People change, you know.
Besides for Bei, does it
have anything to do with that drama king?
Who? Gong?
Yeah. My opinion of him
has definitely changed.
He's not going with you today?
I didn't ask him to.
But I can tell
Bei still minds it.
I think I should
avoid seeing Gong in private.
You're right.
Where are you meeting Lin Chen?
He's picking me up.
Where are we?
It's a guesthouse.
It's very peaceful.
I like coming here.
Being close to nature relaxes me.
It's beautiful.
The view is incredible.
Watch your step.
Why are we here exactly?
I was thinking,
our agreement is almost up.
Not sure how it'll go for you,
but...
I'd like to use my expertise
to do something for you.
Have you heard of hypnotherapy?
Hypnosis?
I've seen it in movies.
Does it feel like falling asleep?
You ask me questions,
and I just spill everything?
I'm afraid not.
That's not how it works.
You'll stay conscious the whole time.
When we face painful experiences,
or moments of struggle,
sometimes we think we've moved on and that
we don't care anymore.
Maybe you've even forgotten it,
but the subconscious never forgets.
And when you least expect it,
it resurfaces to haunt you.
Hypnotherapy
can help you
access your subconscious.
It helps you see what really
eating at you.
But this...
delves into deeply personal matters.
So,
if you're okay with it,
we can give it a try.
Okay.
Relax.
Take a few deep breaths.
As you breathe, listen to
the sound of the stream
and the birds chirping.
Keep your eyes on my pocket watch.
One.
Two.
Three.
What's happening, Lin Chen?
Lin Chen?
Where am I?
Why can't I move?
There she is.
She ruined your happiness.
Now, she wants to get married?
What right do you have to be happy?
You made us suffer so much.
It was your boyfriends who betrayed you.
No.
He loves me.
He said I'm the only one who matters.
Everyone else was just a passing thrill.
Just a fling.
You've all been deceived.
Deceived!
Let me go!
Even if they aren't good men,
can you say you're innocent?
Will you punish
every betrayer?
Yes.
You're lying.
Liar! You are lying. You're lying.
- You're lying. You are lying.
- Let me go!
You're lying. You are lying.
Liar! You are lying. You're lying.
Good girl, Xiaoxi.
What wish did you make, Xiaoxi?
Where is Dad?
Dad's here.
Dad.
(Zhen Guan Luxury Appraisal)
Hello. Welcome.
How can I help you, sir?
Is your boss here?
The boss?
Mr. Bei.
Set it down inside.
- Hello.
- Hi.
I'm the owner.
How can I help you?
Sir,
could you recommend some handbags for me?
They're for gifts.
No problem.
I should tell you, though.
We mainly do
appraisals and maintenance.
We don't sell new ones, only pre-owned.
Since they're gifts,
are you okay with that?
That's fine, totally fine.
Let me show you around then.
This way, please.
We have many different styles.
Also,
could you tell me a bit about her preferences?
The lady you're
buying the gift for-
how old is she?
Sir,
you deal with many female customers.
You must know them best.
Not exactly.
But I do know handbags.
So, for this lady,
about how old is she?
Any favorite brand, or maybe...
No need for all that.
Just a handbag
that looks simple,
pretty and goes with everything.
The kind all girls like.
Goes with everything?
Then maybe...
This one.
It's a classic design.
It never goes out of fashion and..
It holds its value.
How much is it?
Under twenty thousand yuan.
That's pricey.
Do you have ones that look real
but are cheaper?
I could buy several
to give to a few different girls.
I'm sorry, sir.
We only sell authentic items here.
No knock-offs.
Why don't you sleep on it?
Xi,
what wish did you make?
It's a secret.
I'll trade a gift for your secret.
How's that sound?
(Bei)
You should answer that.
It might be urgent.
(Bei)
Hello?
Sorry, I didn't hear it.
What? My dad went to see you?
Okay, okay.
Alright, see you later.
Are you okay?
How did you feel just now?
I think I remembered something.
From when I was a kid.
I'm not sure though.
That's a shame.
It's my fault.
I forgot to remind you to silence your phone.
Do you want to keep going?
I have to go. Something's come up.
Can we pick this up tomorrow?
Sure.
I can tell
that thing means a lot to you.
I really hope I can help.
I'll see you here tomorrow.
Okay.
Spicy blood curd.
Blanched choy sum.
Quick-fried double crunchy.
Would you like to order, Mr. Li?
No, we don't want to go overboard.
Should we...
Have a drink?
No, I'm good.
No drinking.
Okay, that'll be all.
Thanks.
Sure.
Here.
- Have some water.
- Thanks.
Dad,
why didn't you call me
before you came?
I could've picked you up.
Pick me up? No need.
I'm not a three years old.
Do you think I'd get lost?
You do your things. Don't mind me.
If I hadn't asked you,
were you planning
to head back once you were done?
What are you talking about?
Of course I'd come to see you.
Well, Mr. Li.
Do you
watch games?
What games?
Football.
Oh, football.
If it's on Channel Five,
I'll catch it sometimes.
Do you prefer
the Premier League, the Bundesliga,
or Serie A?
Well...
I like the Premier League.
Because I think
they play very elegantly.
And the pace's fast.
For Manchester City,
I bet Haaland will be
the next Ronaldo.
You mean that player…
Cristiano Ronaldo?
Yeah, Ronaldo.
I know him.
He was in the World Cup.
Exactly.
- Yes.
- He's brilliant.
By the way, Mr. Li.
Do you buy stocks?
I have some mutual funds.
That's smart. They're much easier to manage.
Just put some spare cash in.
It might grow several times over.
You see?
Buffett's held shares
in a razor company for years.
He made a fortune from it.
I still use a manual razor.
How about you?
I...
I use, um…
An electric one.
Look at you, all fancy.
You flatter me.
Dig in.
Dig in, Mr. Li.
Try this.
Alright.
Here, have some shrimp.
Sure.
Young man,
your last name is "Bei",
"B-E-I", right?
Yes, that's right.
I wanted to ask,
what do your parents do?
They run a small business abroad.
But they divorced
when I was very young.
I grew up with my grandparents.
Maybe because of that,
I've always wanted to settle down
earlier than most people my age.
When my grandma passed away,
I realized how important
it is to cherish
the people I love.
Even though
I didn't have a complete childhood,
Grandma taught me
how to love someone wholeheartedly.
So please, rest assured.
If you trust me with Xiaoxi,
I will cherish her with all my heart.
I'll always love her
and give her a complete home.
Oh right.
Dad.
- Why did you take out your tools?
- This one…
I carry them with me.
Take a look.
You know what they are?
They are…
Two tigers.
Come on!
This one
is a dragon.
And this one is a phoenix.
They bring auspiciousness.
I haven't finished yet.
I can tell.
I'll finish carving them soon
and give them to you when you get married.
They bring auspiciousness.
Great.
Thanks, Mr. Li.
What is it?
Two tigers?
What about it?
If you hadn't said anything,
I wouldn't have had a clue what they were.
I had to say something nice.
What else could I do?
You're hilarious.
Never seen you like this.
Talking about Ronaldo
and Warren Buffett.
You poor thing.
It was my first time meeting your dad.
Gotta make a good impression.
Can't wait to marry me, can you?
What do you think?
I have no idea.
You dare say you don't know?
How could you not know?
Fine. I'm closing the shop early tomorrow
to pick you up.
Then you'll know for sure.
For what?
Let's go get married.
I'll take it as a yes.
But today,
I actually hit it off
with your father.
(Divorce Agreement)
Take a look at the agreement.
Everything is up for discussion.
No rush to get it done today.
Why not?
New regulations.
There's a 30-day cooling-off period.
Today...
we're just filing the application.
Keep the new car.
You've signed with an agency.
You might have shows coming up.
You'll need it.
As an artist,
you have to keep up appearances.
I made some changes to the agreement.
Your parents paid the down payment.
I'm not taking any of that from you.
I've started packing.
It's kind of a mess.
Once I'm done,
I'll move out.
I don't need such a fancy car
for transportation.
I love the old car.
And this car
was supposed to be a gift for you.
You should keep it.
I have no objections to your decisions.
Thanks.
I'll take the dog.
You'll always be on tour.
You can't leave him at a pet shop forever.
Being in a cage all day
will make him depressed.
Can I have him?
I know
my biggest problem is my lack
of responsibility.
But the only thing I want now
is this dog.
Are you going to take him on tour?
I am. It won't be a problem.
Building a persona is all the rage
these days, isn't it?
Perhaps I can create one:
a singer who lives with his dog forever.
There's always a way
to figure things out.
I can figure it out.
I'll take good care of him.
Trust me one last time, okay?
Okay.
What is a "cooling-off period"?
Maybe it's for people
who rush into divorce.
I guess
few divorces are truly well thought out.
Maybe
after a month, those who had thought it through
will change their minds.
So in a way,
it's a second chance to regret the decision.
What did you see?
You're awake.
How long was I out?
Twenty minutes.
It was a very light sleep.
During the process,
your hands clenched a few times.
It seemed like you were resisting.
Your voice felt like
it was coming from right above my head.
It was creepy.
What scared you wasn't my voice.
It was your consciousness.
Want to talk about it?
Do I have to?
Of course not.
My job is to bring your secrets to light.
Whether to face them is up to you.
I realize
I've always had doubts.
Only doubts?
If you mean solid proof, I don't have any.
Then why not just ask him?
Would that
give me a real answer?
This kind of doubt has no end.
If you keep questioning your own doubts,
they will become
the way you see the world.
Then you won't trust anyone.
Strong emotions
can build up pressure.
Seeing a murderer commit a crime,
and seeing
your brother bullying a kid-
both cause mental distress,
just in different intensities.
Will that pressure exist forever?
It stays in your subconscious
and affects your behavior patterns.
Even if you don't think about it,
those patterns could
drive you to do things
you can't control.
I think you're right.
I think you're amazing.
Me?
Patients usually push
back against this kind of therapy.
In mild cases,
they deny everything and snap at me.
In severe cases,
some even try to hit me.
Didn't know your job was so high-risk.
You're among the very few
who dare to face their own issues.
Should I pay you?
Only if you're not going to attack me.
Chen Qing,
facing your problems is
the first step toward letting go.
I hope you recover soon.
They say the shoemaker's children go barefoot.
When you have problems,
can you counsel yourself like this?
If the problem cuts too deep,
probably not.
I have a question.
During our bet,
did you ever waver?
Of course I did.
Barring differences in sexual orientation,
attraction to the opposite sex
is completely natural.
It's part of our primal impulses.
There's no shame in it.
However,
it's our ability to govern
those primal impulses
that defines
our humanity and separates us
from the animal kingdom.
I do have feelings for you,
but that's all.
There's someone I love.
You're a very good man.
But there's someone I love, too.
So that means
you had feelings for me too?
No.
That was a pretty quick answer.
Deep down,
I felt a little sting in my heart.
Thank you.
You've helped me a lot.
Mind if I give you a goodbye hug?
Of course not.
(Voice Call)
(Guan)
There's something I need to say. No offense.
Let me apologize first.
What is it?
She truly loves you.
That's why she tried to push you away.
Actually, Mu asked me to test you.
If you had wavered during the test,
she could have
let you go without feeling guilty.
Because she knew it would be hard
to do it the normal way.
But after getting to know you,
I think she was overthinking it.
You're a good man.
I hope you'll stay by Mu's side
and encourage her not to give up.
She might actually recover.
Who's Mu?
Your girlfriend.
Don't you call her Mu?
There's a girl I love,
but...
she's never been my girlfriend.
I have a younger sister.
Find some time to meet her this afternoon.
Breast cancer?
You mean,
you want me to help you
make your boyfriend break up with you?
My sister...
She just cares about me too much.
I'm truly sorry.
Do you have a photo of her?
(Li Xiaoxi is inviting you to a voice call)
Xiaoxi, what a surprise.
Did I do something to upset you?
What's that supposed to mean?
What do you want exactly?
You can't wait?
Mu's finished her little pity act.
I want to know
what you've planned next.
You know,
I'm a very curious person.
I really want to see,
in a situation like this,
how your perfect boyfriend
will handle it.
It's been a heck of a day.
Tell me about it.
She won't be bothering you anymore.
Want a fresh pot?
No,
it's just getting good.
(Xiaoxi)
Fold the paper in half.
Then pinch it
from both sides.
It'll create a flat surface,
with more folds and texture.
And that's how you get
a flat, pleated shape.
(Bei)
It's easier to handle
when arranging the bouquet.
Next, fold the tissue paper in half.
Then gather it
(Xiaoxi)
from both sides toward the center...
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪